Stormzy addresses this week’s racial tensions and violence in new series of tweets
Stormzy has taken to Twitter to address the problem of racial ignorance after a week in which the US was hit by a surge in racial tensions after three major incidents of violence. The US has endured a turbulent week for its race relations after two high-profile shootings of black men by police in Minnesota and Louisiana sparked mass outrage. A subsequent peaceful protest in response to those murders in Dallas, Texas was ended after five white police officers were shot dead on Thursday night. A host of voices from the music and entertainment world have commented extensively on the events of this week, including Stormzy, who posted an impassioned message to his social media accounts yesterday expressing solidarity for the Black Lives Matter movement and urging everyone “to do more” to ease racial tensions. The MC took to Twitter this evening (July 9) to further comment on the fall-out of this week’s events, asking what he called “genuine questions” about ignorance. See the tweets below. It's become clear to me that a lot of people CHOOSE to be ignorant…why does this make you uncomfortable it's ok to admit it's a race issue — #MERKY (@Stormzy1) July 9, 2016 Is there hope for those being deliberately ignorant? Genuine genuine question…? — #MERKY (@Stormzy1) July 9, 2016 Sometimes I see wild views and I can see that the person may just need a little bit of enlightening which is cool… — #MERKY (@Stormzy1) July 9, 2016 ..:and a lot of the time they're willing to discuss, debate and be educated. — #MERKY (@Stormzy1) July 9, 2016 But then I'll have someone in my mentions who I can tell just really really really wants to believe that this is nothing to do with race… — #MERKY (@Stormzy1) July 9, 2016 Is that person just a lost cause? How do you get someone like that to come around? Do you just leave them in there self destruction? — #MERKY (@Stormzy1) July 9, 2016 Genuine questions — #MERKY (@Stormzy1) July 9, 2016 These comments follow his aforementioned post on social media yesterday. See that post below. I wish I had the answers to solve the fuckery that’s going on right now but tbh I don’t have a clue…all I can do is urge everyone to do more, that’s what I’m gonna do. Protest, march, donate, speak out, call out bullshit, build within your community, help those in need etc. whatever it is that needs to be done. And don’t be the stupid idiot who thinks because we live in the UK that this isn’t an issue for us to take on, don’t be the stupid idiot who thinks because we live in the UK that black people don’t experience racism from the police, don’t be so flipping naive. We have black brothers and sisters dying in the states and we’d be cowards to just brush it off, this is all of our problems. That could easily be me or my lil brother or my sisters, I ain’t waiting for this poisonous, weak, racist, trigger happy mentality to spread around the world before we do something. Stop killing my fucking people smh, I won’t even lie, when the first series of police killing black people sprung up I thought smh this is fucked and had a passive attitude towards it but as times gone on you have to just think…are these racist Feds just gonna wake up everyday and kill innocent black people? Like yeah…today…I’m gonna kill a black kid and get away with it lol…you’ve lost your fucking mind mate. We ain’t having it anymore, fuck that. This isn’t a black vs white thing either, don’t let them twang you into thinking it’s that, but what I will say is that no one should be sitting back and watching this. If you choose to turn a blind eye to this you’re a part of the problem, regardless of your skin colour. This isn’t me speaking out because it looks politically correct or because it’s the right thing to do coz I proper couldn’t give a flying fuck tbh. this is coming from Michael a black man who has had enough of racist dickheads thinking they can wake up and kill my people. You can’t, we ain’t having it no more. Do your bit. Enough is enough mate, I ain’t waiting till a fed kills one of my bredrins before I rise up. And please stop thinking this is a strictly American thing you dumb fucks, Feds have been violating the mandem for YEARS. Smh. A photo posted by #MERKY (@stormzyofficial) on Jul 8, 2016 at 5:06am PDT 