Miguel cries on stage at Wireless Festival addressing US police violence
Miguel broke down in tears last night (July 8) during his performance at Wireless Festival in London while addressing this week’s police violence in the US. The singer-songwriter was performing on the Finsbury Park festival’s Main Stage before The 1975 and headliner Calvin Harris, and he took time during his show to speak on a turbulent week for the US. Race relations in the country have been adversely affected after two high-profile police shootings of black men sparked mass outrage, before a lone gunman shot dead five white police officers during a protest in Dallas, Texas on Thursday night. Miguel implored the crowd to consider the impact that this week’s events might have on future generations. “To those afraid of tomorrow – we don’t have to live in fear,” he said. “We can’t let shit just blow over and not take action any more. Look: our children will inherit this Earth when we’re gone. What are we leaving for them? What are we doing for them now, not tomorrow? Now!” he repeated, before wiping tears from his eyes. Miguel then admitted to the crowd that he “couldn’t sleep last night” before saying: “We cannot rest any more. We’ve got to do something. We have to say something. I’m sorry if I’m preaching to you, but it’s true.” Watch fan-shot footage of the speech below, via uTorLive. #Miguel breaks down on stage at #WirelessFestival addressing police brutality. pt. 1 A video posted by @utorlive on Jul 9, 2016 at 6:06am PDT #Miguel breaks down on stage at #WirelessFestival addressing police brutality. pt. 2. A video posted by @utorlive on Jul 9, 2016 at 6:07am PDT The speech came on the same day that Miguel released a song called ‘How Many’ on SoundCloud. The song, written in support of the Black Lives Matter movement, was recorded by the 30-year-old in his London hotel room, and, in its accompanying bio, he says that he intends to “update the song every week until it’s complete.” Listen to it below. 