Home / News / News Article Beyoncé urges fans to 'turn anger into action' after Alton Sterling and Philando Castile's deaths Both men were unlawfully killed by police officers in the United States this week
Rhian Daly, 7th July 2016 Related Articles Stage times and support details for Beyonce’s UK tour Watch as Beyonce performs with Kendrick Lamar at BET Awards Beyoncé's 'Sorry' gets standalone video - watch Beyonce has urged her fans to "turn our anger into action" following the killings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile. Both men were unlawfully killed by police officers in the United States this week. Sterling was shot in the back and chest as he was selling CDs outside of a shop in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Castile was shot multiple times in the arm as he reached inside his jacket pocket to show a police officer his ID after being pulled over for a broken tail light in St. Paul, Minnesota. Beyoncé shared a post on her Instagram page, which read: "We all have the power to turn our anger and frustration into action". It was accompanied by a caption directing fans to a note on her website about the shootings, ending "turn our anger into action". Click the link in my bio to go to Beyonce.com. Turn our anger into action. A photo posted by Beyoncé (@beyonce) on Jul 7, 2016 at 12:42pm PDT In the note, she wrote: "We are sick and tired of the killings of young men and women in our communities. It is up to us to take a stand and demand that they "stop killing us." We don't need sympathy. We need everyone to respect our lives." As The Fader reports, she then urges her fans to unite, saying: "We're going to stand up as a community and fight against anyone who believes that murder or any violent action by those who are sworn to protect us should constantly go unpunished." The note ends: "While we pray for the families of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, we will also pray for an end to this plague of injustice in our communities." You can read Beyoncé's note in full here.