Home / News / News Article Twin Atlantic announce huge tour for new album ‘GLA’ Get Tickets Dates include three nights at legendary Glasgow venue
John Earls, 8th July 2016 Related Articles Twin Atlantic to play secret show in Glasgow tomorrow Twin Atlantic, Jess Glynne and Busted join Isle Of Wight Festival 2016 lineup Twin Atlantic Cover James Bay's 'Hold Back The River' – watch Twin Atlantic have announced details of a 13-date UK tour in support of new album ‘GLA’. The tour in October and December climaxes with a three-night homecoming run at the 2,100-capacity Glasgow Barrowland. Singer Sam McTrusty said of the tour: “We can’t wait to play our new songs up close and personal. We want to show you what GLA is all about.” The announcement comes as new single ‘No Sleep’ is added to the Radio 1 playlist, while a second new album track, ‘Ex El’, was premiered by Zane Lowe on Beats 1. Twin Atlantic headline 2000 Trees festival tonight (July 8) on a bill also featuring Refused, Augustines and Mallory Knox before heading out on an intimate five-date tour from tomorrow. Dates for those shows are: Liverpool Arts Club (July 9); Nottingham Rescue Rooms (10); London Scala (12); Selkirk Victoria Hall (14); Edinburgh La Belle Angele (15). ‘GLA’, released on September 9, was produced by U2/Two Door Cinema Club producer Jacknife Lee in Topanga Canyon, Los Angeles, after Lee also co-produced Twin Atlantic’s previous album ‘Great Divide’ in 2014. The tracklisting for ‘GLA’ is: ‘Gold Elephant::Cherry Alligator’; ‘No Sleep’; ‘You Are The Devil’; ‘Overthinking’; ‘Ex El’; ‘Valhalla’; ‘I Am Alive’; ‘Whispers’; ‘I Am A Scar To Hide’; ‘Missing Link’; ‘The Chaser’; ‘Mothertongue’. Tickets for Twin Atlantic’s October tour go on sale at 9am on Monday (July 11) and on general sale at 9am on Friday July 15. Twin Atlantic will play: Newcastle University (October 7) Manchester Neighbourhood Festival (8) Cardiff Yplas (9) Birmingham Institute (11) London Forum (12) Portsmouth Pyramids (14) Leeds Beckett University (15) Norwich Waterfront (16) Dublin Academy (December 10) Belfast Limelight (11) Glasgow Barrowland (13, 14, 15) Find tickets to see Twin Atlantic