Home / News / News Article Fans react to The Stone Roses’ headline set at T In The Park People were not happy at the band's decision not to televise their performance
NME News Desk, 8th July 2016 Related Articles Watch David Beckham's reaction as The Stone Roses dedicate song to him at Manchester gig Jake Bugg says he's 'not a fan' of Stone Roses track and 'doesn't care' what Noel Gallaghe... The Stone Roses reveal stage times for Manchester stadium shows The Stone Roses took to the main stage at T In The Park earlier this evening to headline the first night of the Scottish festival. The estimated 70,000 attendees were out in full force for the Roses’ appearance. But fans hoping to watch back home were left disappointed after it emerged that the band had not given permission for the BBC to broadcast their performance. The band made the same decision when they last headlined T In The Park in 2012. We're seeing lots of qs about The Stone Roses. Some bands prefer not to be filmed so this year they won't be featuring in #BBCTitp coverage.— BBC T in the Park (@BBCtinthepark) July 8, 2016 “Stayed up to watch stone roses from TITP and they aren't even showing them,” wrote one disgruntled Twitter user. Thankfully, those who were at the festival were able to remedy the situation somewhat by posting a few short clips of the band's set on social media, a selection of which you can watch below. The played the same set as their four shows in Manchester last month performing the likes of Roses classics 'Fools Gold', 'Waterfall', 'She Bangs The Drums' and 'I Am The Resurrection' along with new track 'All For One'. They chose not to play 'Beautiful Thing' yet again. #stoneroses pic.twitter.com/6ANMiBf54y— simon nicols (@sinicols) July 8, 2016 #stoneroses A video posted by David Gilchrist (@gilkyboy) on Jul 8, 2016 at 3:04pm PDT A video posted by ????? ????????? (@ellieberesneva) on Jul 8, 2016 at 2:56pm PDT @Tinthepark stone roses killing it pic.twitter.com/eiHYKNqv66— Sam Critchlow (@SammyC_86) July 8, 2016 Stone roses A photo posted by Mabel Smith (@mabelsmith_) on Jul 8, 2016 at 2:39pm PDT A photo posted by Mabel Smith (@mabelsmith_) on Jul 8, 2016 at 3:28pm PDT A video posted by David Gilchrist (@gilkyboy) on Jul 8, 2016 at 3:22pm PDT The Stone Roses played: 'I Wanna Be Adored' 'Elephant Stone' 'Sally Cinnamon' 'Mersey Paradise' '(Song for My) Sugar Spun Sister' 'Bye Bye Badman' 'Shoot You Down' 'Begging You' 'Waterfall' 'Don't Stop' 'Elizabeth My Dear' 'Fools Gold' 'All For One' 'Love Spreads' Made Of Stone' 'She Bangs The Drums' 'Breaking Into Heaven' 'This Is The One' 'I Am The Resurrection' Last month, The Stone Roses played four shows at Manchester’s Etihad Stadium. where they dedicated a song to David Beckham, who was among the attendees.