Home / News / News Article Chance The Rapper criticises police following Philando Castile killing Get Tickets The Minnesota resident was fatally shot after being pulled over for a broken tail light
Rhian Daly, 7th July 2016 Related Articles Chance The Rapper claims he was discriminated against at a Chicago amusement centre Chance The Rapper announces 'Magnificent Coloring World Tour' Chance The Rapper hints at possible Death Cab For Cutie collaboration Chance The Rapper has criticised US police officers after the killing of Philando Castile. Castile, 32, was fatally shot in the St. Paul area of Minnesota after being pulled over for a broken tail light. He was killed when he reached inside his jacket to pull out his ID after being requested to show it to the officer who had stopped him. Castile's girlfriend, Lavish Reynolds, streamed a video on Facebook Live after her partner had been shot, capturing his blood-soaked body and the officer pointing a gun through the car window and telling her to keep her hands where he could see them. Her four-year-old daughter was in the backseat. The incident happened days after the killing of Alton Sterling, who was from Baton Rouge, Louisiana. He was also shot dead by police officers. Both men were black. "These guys murdered this man with his 4 year old daughter in the backseat? Is there any situation where police get arrested? Or convicted?" Stereogum reports Chance wrote on Twitter in the aftermath of the killings. These guys murdered this man with his 4 year old daughter in the backseat? Is there any situation where police get arrested? Or convicted?— Lil Chano From 79th (@chancetherapper) July 7, 2016 "If you're a Judge, or a politician or a fellow officer with a Conscience, what does it tell you to do? As a human being what do you feel?" If you're a Judge, or a politician or a fellow officer with a Conscience, what does it tell you to do? As a human being what do you feel?— Lil Chano From 79th (@chancetherapper) July 7, 2016 He then responded to a police officer who had replied to him, saying: "torn as an officer u understand both sides but its hard bcuz your ppl hurt and u its really none u can say to help". The officer later clarified he was referring to the black community when referring to his people. Chance replied: "As a man, you can always do/say something." As a man, you can always do/say something. https://t.co/5mcfXCLSG4— Lil Chano From 79th (@chancetherapper) July 7, 2016 Find tickets to see Chance The Rapper