Home / News / News Article Just Blaze shares video of police asking 'Is your car legit?' Jay Z producer says police later apologised and offered to buy him dinner
John Earls, 8th July 2016 Related Articles Jay Z, Solange and Swizz Beatz share new songs after police killings Apple in talks to buy Jay Z's Tidal music streaming service? Watch Jay Z and Future in DJ Khaled's 'I Got The Keys' video Jay Z producer Just Blaze has shared a video of police stopping him in his car because they thought he might have stolen it. The producer, who has also worked with Eminem and Kendrick Lamar, was driving his Lamborghini Huracan when he was stopped by police. An officer asked him: “Is this car legit?” and asked Blaze to produce his driving licence and registration papers. LIVE on #Periscope https://t.co/VDmUH3c77s— Just Blaze (@JustBlaze) July 7, 2016 LIVE on #Periscope https://t.co/3cJm4P7x8R— Just Blaze (@JustBlaze) July 7, 2016 Blaze responded: “I don’t believe we should turn a blind eye to somebody doing something wrong just because they’re a person of colour.” Referring to the police killings of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, Blaze added: “But you know what’s going on with our people right now. Why not address me as a little more of a human being, instead of me being a suspect off the bat?” The producer shared his video of his experience on Periscope at 9:20pm last night (July 7). Two hours later, he wrote on Twitter that he’d received an apology from the police. He said: “Some folks put two and two together and that police department got a call not long ago. They sent an apology and offered to buy me dinner. At least I know what my vanity plate will be now: 2LGT2QUIT." Some folks put 2 and 2 together and That police dept got a call not long ago. They sent apology and offered to buy me dinner. — Just Blaze (@JustBlaze) July 7, 2016 Blaze has produced for Jay Z on his albums ‘The Blueprint’, ‘The Blueprint 2’ and ‘The Black Album’, as well as Eminem’s album ‘Recovery’ and Kendrick Lamar’s album ‘Good Kid, M.A.A.D. City’. His most recent production was on ‘Freedom’ for Beyonce’s album ‘Lemonade’.