Bastille say ‘heartbreaking’ Brexit vote helped find their political voice
Bastille say that Britain’s decision to leave the EU has helped them find their voice as a band. The band changed the lyrics to ‘Pompeii’ at Glastonbury to refer to the Brexit vote, after singer Dan Smith had appeared at a politically neutral rally which encouraged young people to vote in the EU referendum. In the cover interview of the new NME, which is available nationwide or online tomorrow (July 8), Smith said new song ‘The Currents’ is inspired by the rise of populist politicians such as Nigel Farage and Donald Trump. Smith explained: “It’s about hearing people using the platform they have to say something you find abhorrent, and just wanting to escape. The song uses the imagery of wanting to come up for air to get away from it.” Smith, whose band release new album ‘Wild World’ on September 9, explained that he had previously been unwilling to share his political views because “overtly polticial musicians can be embarrassing, particularly when they don’t know what they’re talking about.” Basssist Kyle Simmons added: “I feel so fraudulent trying to make people go to vote, because I’m just a dick in a band.” But, after waking up at Glastonbury to learn that Britain had voted to leave the EU, Smith changed the chorus of ‘Pompeii’ to “The pound kept tumbling down on the weekend that we love.” Explaining the lyric alteration, Smith said: “It’s so small and insignificant us doing that, but we couldn’t not react. It’s the only thing anyone wants to talk about today. I was hoping to be on stage and be like, ‘We’re still part of Europe!’ But that daydream is over.” Bastille go on a 10-date arena tour in October. The band will play: Bournemouth BIC (October 28) Plymouth Pavilions (29) Cardiff Motorpoint Arena (31) London O2 (November 1) Leeds First Direct Arena (4) Nottingham Motorpoint Arena (5) Mamchester Arena (6) Birmingham Barclaycard Arena (8) Glasgow SSE Hydro (12) Newcastle Metro Radio Arena (13) 