Bad Religion guitarist calls out Bring Me The Horizon’s “display of arrogance”
Bad Religion’s guitarist Brian Baker has criticised Bring Me The Horizon for their “arrogant” behaviour at a Spanish music festival. Baker took issue with a sign that was posted up backstage which featured a picture of the British group together with the instruction: “These people are not to be stopped ever. They may not have a pass. They can escort who they want where they want with or without a pass.” Baker posted a photo of the memo on Instagram with the caption: “I’m going to stop these people every time I see them today and tell them how much their band sucks.” I’m going to stop these people every time I see them today and tell them how much their band sucks A photo posted by Brian Baker (@brianbakers) on Jul 7, 2016 at 4:05am PDT Bring Me The Horizon’s drummer Matt Nicholls hit back at the guitarist on Instagram, writing: “I can’t imagine being as old as you are and still acting like a 14-year-old girl. Saw you at least ten times and you didn’t bat an eye lid. You got bigger things to worry about nowadays anyway, like ya pension, or cold weather. Dickhead.” Frontman Oli Skyes added: “Yeah, we are not your enemy, winter is your enemy.” Baker responded by castigating the group’s sense of “entitlement” in a second post. He wrote: “It seems you’ve missed the point entirely. The issue here is entitlement. My post was a comment on your collective delusion that working local crew at a thirty-band festival should be required to memorize your faces to spare you the indignity of breaking stride on the way to your backstage oasis or, even worse, the humiliation of carrying credentials. “Your literal display of arrogance (and the hilariously unrecognized irony within it) was what I was sharing with my followers. I honestly don’t know if your music is bad or good — it’s not for old people. “I meant that you suck as humans. Sorry for the confusion.” The two groups both performed on the main stage of Resurrection Fest yesterday (July 7). 