Home / News / News Article Liam Gallagher launches fresh "potato" attack on brother Noel The latest episode in the current feud between the Oasis brothers
NME News Desk, 9th July 2016 Related Articles Liam Gallagher says he wants to reform Oasis, but Noel is refusing Artist gets tattoo of Liam Gallagher's 'homophobic' tweet Liam Gallagher apologises for 'homophobic' tweet about Russian hooligans Liam Gallagher has once again branded his brother Noel Gallagher a "potato" on Twitter, reigniting the current feud between the two former Oasis members. The pair's relationship has been on especially rocky ground since Oasis' split in 2009, although there has been speculation this year that the seminal band might reform. But after producer and electronic musician David Holmes revealed in May that "people are going to be surprised" by the "fun" feel of Noel's new album, Liam responded by labelling Holmes a "yes man" and Noel a "potato" before tweeting "FUCK OASIS". Liam took to Twitter earlier today (July 9) to further insult his brother. See the tweets below. POTATO pic.twitter.com/C13BbKFyCH— Liam Gallagher (@liamgallagher) 9 July 2016 POTATO pic.twitter.com/yPPwh3BwNx— Liam Gallagher (@liamgallagher) 9 July 2016 There doesn't seem to be any provocation from Noel for these fresh insults. Noel had responded to the aforementioned fall-out between himself, Holmes and Liam by telling the Toronto Star in June that the tweets were "so unlike him." "I guess it was about him staying relevant," Noel said. "If you’re him, what else is there to tweet about? How his spring/summer collections are doing for his clothing firm? I’m not sure that warrants a tweet. Should he ever climb out of the 'where are they now?' basket and grant you an interview, ask him. I’m sure you’ll get a typically fucking surreal answer." These comments prompted Liam to once again publicly insult Noel, posting a picture on Twitter of Noel with the caption "Pouting Potato". See that tweet below: Pouting Potato LG x pic.twitter.com/K8y3AOFeYQ— Liam Gallagher (@liamgallagher) June 29, 2016 Although Liam’s band Beady Eye split in 2014, the singer has stated that he has no plans to make a solo album “because I’m not a cunt”. Noel, meanwhile, will play the final date of the tour to accompany his second High Flying Birds album, ‘Chasing Yesterday’, at Brixton Academy on September 6. This follows festival appearances at Kendal Calling, Y-Not, Lytham, Glasgow Summer Sessions, Victorious, Festival No 6 and Electric Picnic.