Music world reacts to shooting of police officers in Dallas
The music world has reacted to the news that several police officers have been shot, with some dead, in Dallas, Texas overnight. Five police officers were killed and six more injured after shootings during an anti-violence protest in Dallas on Thursday evening (July 7). Three suspects have been detained, with another reported dead amid a police shoot-out. Amanda Palmer tweeted of the incident, “more shootings. more death. it’s madness guys. it’s mad”. Erykah Badu, meanwhile, added, “May Love & light surround all the families who have lost loved 1s within these past few long days. We are all human beings. We all hurt.” She went on to say, “Those who commit acts of violence act alone. Even when they feel they are fulfilling an order are moving in groups, They are acting alone.” Rapper SZA urged her fans to not “let them cook up a race war”, with the Hercules And Love Affair asking “Let’s commit to making the world a more peaceful place today”. See tweets about the news below. more shootings. more death. it's madness guys. it's mad. I wasn't going to goodnight moon. now I have to. fuck. gimme 5. — Amanda Palmer (@amandapalmer) July 8, 2016 goodnight dallas people. goodnight police. goodnight nurses. goodnight doctors. goodnight moon. goodnight air. goodnight noises everywhere. — Amanda Palmer (@amandapalmer) July 8, 2016 May Love & light surround all the families who have lost loved 1s within these past few long days. We are all human beings. We all hurt. — ErykahBadoula (@fatbellybella) July 8, 2016 https://twitter.com/fatbellybella/status/751322578552107010 Let's commit to making the world a more peaceful place today please? One day, one hour, every moment at a time. I'm in. Are you? #dallas — Hercules Love Affair (@HerculesLA) July 8, 2016 Don't let them cook up a race war! Do NOT feed into the madness . — SZA (@sza) July 8, 2016 stay safe Dallas. something is not right. — Twin Peaks (@TwinPeaksDudes) July 8, 2016 