Watch Courteeners reveal: ‘We’ve stopped giving a fuck what people think about us’
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=5108095508001 The Courteeners have revealed they stopped caring about the band’s reputation while making their new album. In a video interview with NME, singer Liam Fray said that new album ‘Mapping The Rendezvous’ was made with the freedom of knowing Courteeners have managed to have a decade-long career. Fray told NME: “I don’t know what to say about our new album, except that we’ve stopped giving a fuck about what people think about us.” Referring to Courteeners’ previous albums ‘Anna’ from 2013 and 2014’s ‘Concrete Love’, Fray added: “Maybe on the last two records, we laboured over certain things. But with this one, if people don’t like it, then fuck it. We’re still making records after nine years and we’re at a point where we can do what we want.” Out on October 21, ‘Mapping The Rendezvous’ will be the Manchester band’s fifth album. It’s also their first since bassist Mark Cuppello left in 2015, with the band’s producer Joe Cross replacing him. Fray said: “We’ve got a strong rapport with the people who come to see our shows. We still challenge them – it’s not as if we’ve made another ‘St Jude’ or ‘Anna’. This record is a party album. There’s a lot of going out and a lot of regret. It’s fun, if you can call your own record ‘fun’. It’s going to be a good record to play live.” Courteeners have so far previewed two songs from the album, ‘The 17th’ and ‘No One Will Ever Replace Us’. Following their appearance at Reading And Leeds Festival last weekend, Courteeners tour in November. Support is from Cut Up Kid, with Milburn also playing selected dates and The View an additional support in Glasgow. Tickets went on sale this morning (September 2). Courteeners will play: Stoke Victoria Hall (November 10) Southampton Guildhall (11) Brixton O2 Academy (12) Bristol O2 Academy (14) Norwich UEA (15) Birmingham O2 Academy (17) Liverpool Echo Arena (18) Glasgow SSE Hydro (19) Newcastle O2 Academy (21) Nottingham Rock City (22) Carlisle Sands Arena (24) Leeds First Direct Arena (25) 