Fabric to appeal decision to close club
Fabric are to appeal against the decision to revoke its license. A report by Islington Council earlier this week said the club had a “culture of drug use” that staff were “incapable of controlling”, leaving it facing closure. As Mixmag reports, the Night Time Industries Association is backing Fabric’s appeal with its Fund For Fabric campaign. The aim of the campaign is to raise £500,000 to help fund the club’s legal fees. NTIA Deputy Chair Alexander Proud has personally donated £10,000 to the fund. The organisation will ask its members and the 150,000 people who signed the #SaveFabric petition to donate. Speaking to Mixmag, Proud said the money would “keep Fabric going until the appeal and make sure that we have the best QC [senior lawyer] in the world working for us and winning this case, which we will do. “Fabric is one of the greatest clubs in the world and I don’t want to see it close on my watch, while I’m apparently some kind of influencer in the world of nightclubs.” He continued: “I want my kids to go to a brilliant club that’s internationally famous and is on their doorstep. I would willingly tell my kids to go to Fabric when they’re of age. If only all clubs were run that well, by people who are passionate and caring and love their customers. I don’t want my kids to not be able to go to clubs like that.” Fabric voluntarily closed in August, following the deaths of two 18-year-old clubbers from drugs within the space of nine weeks. During the appeal, Fabric’s owners presented the Council with evidence – including from Trip Advisor reviews – that many clubbers thought Fabric’s drug search door policy was actually too strict. Fabric also issued a lengthy statement over the loss of their nightclub. The statement said: “Following the tragic incidents that recently occurred at our venue, we wanted to extend our thoughts and condolences to the family and friends of those concerned. We pride ourselves on running a safe venue, and we feel extremely saddened by the events that have taken place in recent weeks.” 