Lady Gaga: ‘Tony Bennett inspired me to write an album of classic song writing’
Lady Gaga has admitted Tony Bennett inspired her to write an album of classic song writing. Beck, Father John Misty and Florence Welch all feature on the record which has also been produced by Mark Ronson and Tame Impala’s Kevin Parker. In the past, Gaga has worked with dance producers including RedOne. Although BloodPop, who produced Justin Bieber’s single ‘Sorry’, also worked on the new record, the singer said she was keen to keep it organic. “There was a whole process when it was me, Mark, a piano, a guitar and a typewriter. Every song we did, we didn’t start with a track, we started writing the song because sometimes you can put something brilliant and exciting with electronic music over some lyrics and the melody and the beat is so great you forget that the song is maybe no good,” she explained. “We wanted to make sure the song was good on its own. I think some of that has to do with my time working with Tony Bennett too and singing the classics. I really wanted to make some really classic songs for this record.” Gaga worked with Bennett on their 2014 ‘Cheek To Cheek’. She also worked with him on his 2011 ‘Duets II’ LP, recording a version of ‘The Lady Is a Tramp’. The singer went on to reveal that the subject matters are more deep and emotional on the follow up to 2013’s ‘Artpop’ album. READ: New Lady Gaga Album: Everything We Know So Far. Gaga told Radio 1’s Nick Grimshaw: “One of my friends has stage four breast cancer and there is a song which touches on that relationship on the album but its also quite a fun song. All the different things going on in my life bring me back to the people I love and that can heal you at any moment. “I thought I’m gonna stop worrying about what I’m gonna become and I’m going to just start worrying about being there for the people around me and loving them as much as I can.” The singer revealed that the record is in its final stages and will be released later this year. You can listen to the interview in full here. 