Priority Tickets for Red Hot Chili Peppers, Biffy Clyro and more available now
Priority Tickets for Red Hot Chili Peppers, Biffy Clyro, Lower Than Atlantis, Clutch, Sleaford Mods and Childline’s Merry Little Christmas are available now. Red Hot Chili Peppers have announced details of a UK arena tour. Priority Tickets are available now. The veteran rock group, who headlined Reading & Leeds festivals last weekend (August 26-28), will hit the road in December for seven shows. The band released their first album since 2011 earlier this year in the form of ‘The Getaway’. It went to Number One in ten different countries They headlined T In The Park and Lollapalooza in July as part of a series of summer festival commitments. The group will begin their latest UK headline tour at The O2 in London on December 5. They will then visit Glasgow, Birmingham and Manchester, playing two shows in each city except Glasgow where they will play once. Red Hot Chili Peppers will play: London, The O2 (December 5, 6) Glasgow, The SSE Hydro (8) Birmingham, Genting Arena (10, 11) Manchester, Arena (14, 15) Priority Tickets for Red Hot Chili Peppers in London, Birmingham and Manchester are available now. O2 customers get tickets 48 hours before general release. Search ‘O2 Priority’ for tickets. Biffy Clyro have announced a UK headline tour for this winter. Priority Tickets are available now. The Kilmarnock trio scored their second UK Number One album with the release of their seventh studio record ‘Ellipsis’ in July. The band have confirmed they will head out on a UK arena tour in November and December. The Ellipsis tour will begin in Glasgow on November 29, before heading to Aberdeen, Newcastle, Manchester, Leeds, Cardiff and Birmingham. It will conclude at The O2 in London on December 8. Speaking to Zane Lowe ahead of the release of ‘Ellipsis’, frontman Simon Neil said the band were “trying to feel like it’s our first album again”. “We’ve still got balls. We’re still here to get in your face,” he said. Biffy Clyro will play: Glasgow, SSE Hydro (November 29) Aberdeen, AECC (November 30) Newcastle, Metro Radio Arena (December 2)) Manchester, Arena (December 3) Leeds, First Direct Arena (December 4) Cardiff, Motorpoint Arena (December 6) Birmingham, BCA (December 7) London, The O2 (December 8) Priority Tickets for Biffy Clyro are available now. O2 customers get tickets 48 hours before general release. Search ‘O2 Priority’ for tickets. Lower Than Atlantis, meanwhile, have confirmed a string of new dates for next year. Priority Tickets are available now. The Watford four-piece, who formed in 2007, released their self-titled fourth album in 2014. The record charted in the Top 20 in the Official UK Albums Chart. The rock band recently shared new single ‘Work For It’, their first new music in two years. They also performed on the Main Stage at this year’s Reading & Leeds Festivals. The 2017 tour will be the group’s biggest headline shows to date and the band have committed to keeping ticket prices as low as possible. “Gigs should not out price people, we’ll always try and keep them as cheap as possible for you guys,” they wrote on Twitter. They added: “This will be the biggest, boldest and best LTA tour ever.” Lower Than Atlantis will play: Norwich, UEA (March 9) Birmingham, O2 Academy (March 10) Manchester, Academy (March 11) Leeds, O2 Academy (March 13) Newcastle, O2 Academy (March 14) Glasgow, O2 ABC (March 15) Brixton, O2 Academy (March 17) Cardiff, The Great Hall (March 18) Priority Tickets for Lower Than Atlantis are available now. O2 customers get tickets 48 hours before general release. Search ‘O2 Priority’ for tickets. Clutch have announced four new UK shows for this winter. Priority Tickets are available now. The Maryland rock band will make the trip over the Atlantic in December, where they will play tracks from their 2015 album ‘Psychic Warfare’ and their extensive back catalogue. The quartet formed in 1991 and are celebrating their 25th anniversary as a band this year. They have released 11 albums, including their self-titled breakthrough album in 1995 and 2013’s ‘Earth Rocker’, which was their highest charting US record, placing at Number 11. Clutch will play: London, Roundhouse (December 15) Birmingham, O2 Institute (December 16) Cardiff, The Great Hall (December 17) Manchester, Academy (December 18) Priority Tickets for Clutch are available now. O2 customers get tickets 48 hours before general release. Search ‘O2 Priority’ for tickets. Sleaford Mods will play a second night in Nottingham on their Autumn tour. Priority Tickets are available now. The extra date was added after tickets the original show at Rock City on November 3 sold out. The duo, who are compromised by Jason Williamson and Andrew Fearn, are based in the city and originally hail from Lincolnshire. The pair have released eight albums since 2007, but only came to wider attention in 2014 with their record ‘Divide And Exit’. The album and its follow-up ‘Key Markets’ were critically acclaimed for their observations on politics, working class culture and modern British society. Sleaford Mods will play: Nottingham, Rock City (November 4) Priority Tickets for Sleaford Mods are available now. O2 customers get tickets 48 hours before general release. Search ‘O2 Priority’ for tickets. Childline’s Merry Little Christmas will bring celebrities to London in December for a special and festive night of fundraising. Priority Tickets are available now. The night will include a traditional Christmas carol service, music performances, celebrity readings and a gala dinner in the Cathedral’s crypt. Tenor Russell Watson and Dame Esther Rantzen have been confirmed to appear on the night, with more names to be announced. Money raised from the event will help Childline in their aim to offer help and support to the thousands of children and young people via their free counselling service. Childline’s Merry Little Christmas will take place at: London, St. Paul’s Cathedral (December 13) Priority Tickets for Childline’s Merry Little Christmas are available now. O2 customers get tickets 48 hours before general release. Search ‘O2 Priority’ for tickets. Get Priority Tickets to thousands of gigs up to 48 hours before general release, on O2 – Search O2 Priority. 