Starsailor showcase new album as low-key tour begins
Starsailor played the first in a series of UK club shows in Edinburgh last night (October 3) ahead of their third album’s ‘On The Outside’’s release on October 17. Among the 16-song set at the city’s Venue were five tracks taken from the new album, including new single ‘In The Crossfire’, ‘Counterfeit Life’, ‘Way Back Home’, ‘Keep Us Together’ and ‘This Time’ . Singer James Walsh said he was happy to be playing in such an intimate setting, saying: “It’s great to be in a venue this size again. It reminds us of when we were starting out at places like the Manchester Roadhouse .” The set also included a solo acoustic cover of 1988 Top Ten hit ‘Somewhere In My Heart’ by Scottish band Aztec Camera . Walsh explained this was to make up for a competition winners’ gig at Glasgow King Tut’s the previous month, where he covered Oasis ’ ‘Champagne Supernova’ as he couldn’t think of a song by a local band to perform. King Tut’s was famously the venue where Creation Records boss Alan McGee discovered Oasis . The club tour continues at Manchester Jabez Clegg tonight (October 4), then Birmingham Irish Centre on October 6 and Bristol Bierkeller on October 7. Starsailor ’s full national tour starts on October 30 at Liverpool Carling Academy . The setlist last night was: ‘Counterfeit Life’ ‘Poor Misguided Fool’ ‘Alcoholic’ ‘Fever’ ‘Way Back Home’ ‘Four To The Floor’ ‘This Time’ ‘Telling Them’ ‘Somewhere In My Heart’ ‘Love Is Here’ ‘Fidelity’ ‘Keep Us Together’ ‘Tie Up My Hands’ ‘Good Souls’ ‘In The Crossfire’ ‘Silence Is Easy’ The band’s full UK tour calls at: Liverpool Carling Academy (October 30) Newcastle Carling Academy (31) Glasgow Carling Academy (November 1) Leeds University (3) Manchester Carling Apollo (4) Sheffield Octagon (5) Cambridge Corn Exchange (7) Birmingham Carling Academy (8) Folkestone Leas Cliff Hall (10) Norwich UEA (11) Cardiff University (13) Bath Pavilions (14) Nottingham Rock City (15) Oxford Brookes University (17) London Carling Brixton Academy (18) For ticket availability, go to NME Tickets or call them on 0870 1 663 663. 