Lady Gaga says Florence Welch has ‘the greatest voice in the world’ and confirms duet on new LP
Lady Gaga has confirmed that she has teamed up with Florence Welch on her forthcoming new album. The singer debuted her new single ‘Perfect Illusion’ this morning (September 9), which was produced by Tame Impala singer Kevin Parker with Mark Ronson and BloodPop, who produced Justin Bieber’s single ‘Sorry’. But she has also collaborated with Beck, Father John Misty and the Florence And The Machine singer on the record. “Me and Florence did a duet together,” she revealed. “I started to work on an idea for a song that I really wanted to do with a girl and you’ll see why when you hear the music and what the song is about. She’s really to me if not the best but one of the greatest vocalists in the world. She’s incredible. I would say the same about the musicianship of Beck, of Father John (Misty), Kevin Parker and Mark Ronson.” The LP, which is in its final stages, saw the singer work heavily with producer Mark Ronson. Parker also helped the singer with the title for her new single, who she recently joined forces with at the FYF Festival. “Kevin Parker flew over from Australia and he came up with this idea that the beginning of the song was called Illusion,” she told Radio 1 presenter Nick Grimshaw. READ: New Lady Gaga Album: Everything We Know So Far. “We stripped everything away. I sat at the piano, Kevin was on the guitar and Mark was at the bass and we just played through it and I worked on a typewriter and we would bounce new lyrics back and forth. What was important to me was it wasn’t just a song about any illusion but one we can all relate to. That’s how we came up with the title Perfect. But I have to hand it to Kevin he is a real musical genius.” The song itself is a commentary on social media, and the risks of presenting an idealised version of yourself. “Many of us are left wondering why there are so many fake things around us that really and truly appear to be real. How do we navigate through social media? How do we navigate through these images that we know are filtered and altered and decipher what is reality and what is a perfect illusion? That’s what the song is about, wanting people to re-establish human connection and be OK with accepting we’re in this place. “I think social media is a great way of keeping in touch with your family and friends to document your life and I can talk to my fans and share artwork. But there are also a lot of things on the internet that are not reality. I think people feel pressured to keep that perfect illusion going on in their real lives. This song is about raging against that and letting it go.” The singer revealed that the record is in its final stages and will be released later this year. You can listen to the interview in full here. 