M.I.A says there’s more to her than politics
MIA has revealed that there’s more to her than politics, after opening up about her new album ‘AIM’. Earlier this year, the singer and producer made controversial comments about the Black Lives Matter movement in the US, saying that the issue is “not a new thing” while urging for leading celebrities to show the same support for the migrant crisis. Earlier this year, she teamed up with H&M, penning her new song ‘Rewear It’ for World Recycle Week. In an extensive interview with Consequence of Sound, MIA stated her “message is not just the subjects” but about the life that she has had in the music industry. “You could see the battles I had on the internet in the music industry. Fame and success wasn’t so smooth for me,” she said. “I’ve had a crazy personal life that is there too, whether it’s about my dad or who he was or how my mom ended up where she was,” she continued. “I wasn’t embarrassed about saying, “Yeah, you know, actually my dad was a political leader and started a revolution, and that actually brought a lot of hardship to our family.” I discussed it in a way that was actually real to me. All I could say is, “My dad wasn’t around, but this is how it affected the kids and my mum,” and then I gave the life story of what that was.” “And then the trouble of that is, yeah, you come to different countries, you try to make it, you’re poor, you do encounter racism or different levels of it, and again, it’s all people’s perceptions,” she said. Meanwhile, Nicki Minaj‘s new song ‘The Pinkprint Freestyle’ pays homage to M.I.A. by interpolating sections of her hit single ‘Paper Planes’. She raps: “I fly like paper, I get high like planes, If you catch me at the border I got visas in my name” and later shouts out the British artist directly, “M.I.A., M.I.A., I make bitches go M.I.A”. M.I.A.’s fifth album ‘AIM’ is out today (September 9). The record features a collaboration with Zayn, which M.I.A. recently admitted she had second thoughts about in an interview with Annie Mac. 