Home / News / News Article Madonna defends new Tidal streaming service as Haxan Cloak says Jay Z ripped him off Tidal's 'Illuminati' rumours are denied by Madonna, who says 'you are paying us the highest of compliments'
Luke Morgan Britton, 31st March 2015 Madonna has defended Jay Z's new Tidal music streaming service following its launch last night (March 30). An all-star cast launched Tidal in New York yesterday with Kanye West, Madonna, Beyoncé, Rihanna, Arcade Fire, Jack White, J Cole, Nicki Minaj, Deadmau5, Daft Punk and Alicia Keys all attending the live-streamed launch, with Coldplay's Chris Martin and Calvin Harris present via live video link-up. The Project Panther Bidco company, co-owned by Jay Z, recently acquired Tidal from its Norwegian parent company Aspiro for 464 million kroner (about £47 million). Tidal Hifi already offers more than 25 million songs and 75,000 music videos to more than half a million subscribers in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Germany and Poland. Madonna wrote on Instagram: "Tidal is not about consumption and greed! Its about protecting an art-form that is beloved to all of us MUSIC". The singer also denied internet conspiracies that the company is a part of the Illuminati. She added: "If you refer to Tidal as Illuminati, you are paying us the highest of compliments. As I've stated before it is another name for "The Enlightened Ones" a group of scientists, philosophers and artists that emerged after the dark ages. They changed and shaped the world for the better! Do the research and find out for yourself!" See Madonna's posts below. However, as DIY reports, Tri-Angle producer Haxan Cloak has accused Tidal of "ripping him off" by using his music in a trailer for their launch without asking him permission prior. The musician, who has worked with the likes of Björk, wrote in a tweet that has since been deleted: "This is so shameful. Thanks for not getting in touch and ripping me off, Tidal." Tidal is not about consumption and greed! Its about protecting an art-form that is beloved to all of us MUSIC! #rebelhearts stand together for what they believe in! A photo posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Mar 31, 2015 at 1:04am PDT Everything will be explained and revealed in time! Have Faith! And remember nothing is for free! This is a universal LAW. Somewhere-Somehow-Someone has to pay. There is always an exchange. #truth. #tidal A photo posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Mar 31, 2015 at 1:22am PDT If you refer to Tidal as Illuminati, you are paying us the highest of compliments. As I've stated before it is another name for "The Enlightened Ones" a group of scientists, philosophers and artists that emerged after the dark ages. They changed and shaped the world for the better! Do the research and find out for yourself! #knowlwdge is power #rebelheart A photo posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Mar 31, 2015 at 1:34am PDT Jay Z has said that Tidal is not a direct rival for Spotify, but rather an attempt to "strike an honest blow" in shaping the way music is going. Speaking to Billboard in a new interview about Tidal, Jay Z said: "We didn’t like the direction music was going and thought maybe we could get in and strike an honest blow and if, you know, the very least we did was make people wake up and try to improve the free vs. paid system, and promote fair trade, then it would be a win for us anyway."