Dr Luke is suing Kesha’s mother for a second time
Dr Luke has filed a second libel lawsuit against Kesha‘s mother, Pebe Sebert. The songwriter and producer, real name Lukasz Gottwald, originally filed a lawsuit against the singer’s mother in October 2014, accusing her of “defamation” and “tortious interference” in the legal dispute between him and her daughter. On Thursday (September 7), he filed a second lawsuit against Kesha’s mother, citing an interview she gave to Billboard in March of this year, according to documents obtained by Courthouse News. “After we originally filed suit against Pebe Sebert, she continued to make outrageous, false, and defamatory statements against Dr. Luke in her widespread media campaign to damage him and smear his name,” Dr. Luke’s lawyer Christina Lepera told Rolling Stone. “Pebe Sebert’s lawyers flat out refused to allow us to add those statements to the existing case or to toll the statute of limitations on them – so we’ve been compelled to file an additional action.” Pebe Sebert‘s lawyer Alex Little has since responded to these comments from Dr. Luke’s lawyer, telling Pitchfork: “This marks Dr. Luke’s second effort to sue a mother for publicly supporting and believing her daughter about being raped. It’s also a transparent attempt to delay the trial of these issues. Mrs. Sebert looks forward to presenting her case to a jury as soon as possible. When the evidence is made public, she expects the jury will conclude that all of her statements have been justified.” The new lawsuit comes around a month after Kesha dropped her California lawsuit against former mentor Dr Luke, whom she had accused of rape and sexual abuse. In October 2014, Kesha filed a lawsuit in California against producer and label boss Dr Luke, citing “mental manipulation, emotional abuse and sexual assault”. Dr Luke countersued for defamation in New York. The California case has been on hold since last June and now it has been confirmed that the claims have been dropped so Kesha can focus on her New York legal proceedings. 