Watch Slaves say ‘It’d be wicked if we lived in a 50/50 world’ on women in rock
https://link.brightcove.com/services/player/?bctid=5106410011001 Slaves have expressed their frustration that there aren’t more women in rock, but denied that gig promoters are deliberately causing a problem. In our video interview with NME, singer/guitarist Laurie Vincent compared the issue to asking why there aren’t more ginger-haired musicians. Vincent said: “Asking about women in rock is like saying there’s not more ginger people. Beyond a certain point, you can’t help which bands come along.” The singer, whose band release new album ‘Take Control’ on September 30, said the amount of women in rock was cyclical. Referring to the wave of female musicians in the 1990s, Vincent said: “You had The Breeders, Alanis Morissette and obviously Pixies had Kim Deal from The Breeders. You had them all at once, along with Bikini Kill and then Le Tigre. Females were dominating.” Vincent continued: “It’s a shame there aren’t as many females now, but Ellie from Wolf Alice is flying the flag so powerfully it gives her an even stronger image. There are brilliant female musicians, like Courtney Barnett, and it’d be wicked if we lived in a 50/50 world. But that’s now how it always happens.” Discussing whether concert promoters could do more to help, Vincent added: “It’s not as if promoters aren’t backing girls, there just aren’t as many. You’ve got female musicians coming through like The Big Moon, a wicked all-girl band. There are a lot of wicked women in rock, there’s just more men.” ‘Take Control’ features Baxter Dury and former Beastie Boys rapper Mike D, with ‘Spit It Out’ previewed from the album. The duo tour in November. Slaves will play: Bexhill De La Warr Pavilion (November 10) Truro Hall For Cornwall (11) Cardiff University (13) Cambridge Corn Exchange (14) Leeds O2 Academy (15) Newcastle O2 Academy (17) Glasgow Barrowland (18) Birmingham O2 Academy (19) Bristol O2 Academy (21) Leicester O2 Academy (22) Nottingham Rock City (23) Sheffield O2 Academy (25) Manchester Albert Hall (26) Shepherds Bush O2 Empire (29-30) 