Disclosure perform DJ mix in their kitchen to mark closure of Fabric
Disclosure have broadcast a live set from their kitchen in tribute to the closure of London club Fabric. The duo along with The Chemical Brothers, Four Tet and Jon Hopkins were openly critical of the closure after the local Islington Council revoked its licence, following the deaths of two 18-year-old clubbers from drugs within the space of nine weeks. Disclosure’s set, which is the second from their kitchen this year, is over two hours long. You can listen to it below. The club, which opened in 1999, has been given the option to appeal the Council’s decision. Nightclub governing body Night Time Industries’ chairman Alan Miller said an appeal was likely. Miller said: “This is not the last word.” The closure will mean the loss of 250 staff jobs, and comes despite 150,000 people signing a petition urging Islington Council to keep Fabric open. The ruling comes despite an appeal by new London Mayor Sadiq Khan for council officials and police not to be too censorious about drug use in the capital’s nightlife. Khan had said he wanted “a common-sense solution” to the closure of nightclubs such as Fabric. READ: ‘Thank You For The Best Times Of My Life’: Ravers Head To Fabric To Leave Flowers And Tributes. Fabric voluntarily closed in August, following the deaths of two 18-year-old clubbers from drugs within the space of nine weeks. During the appeal, Fabric’s owners presented the Council with evidence – including from Trip Advisor reviews – that many clubbers thought Fabric’s drug search door policy was actually too strict. Fabric also issued a lengthy statement over the loss of their nightclub. The statement said: “Following the tragic incidents that recently occurred at our venue, we wanted to extend our thoughts and condolences to the family and friends of those concerned. We pride ourselves on running a safe venue, and we feel extremely saddened by the events that have taken place in recent weeks.” Our statement on recent events: https://t.co/A9eYrMiRrD — fabriclondon (@fabriclondon) August 26, 2016 