Watch Jamie T make his live return at tiny Surrey club
Jamie T made an emotional return to playing live last night with an intimate gig at a tiny club in Surrey. Playing live for the first time since Reading And Leeds Festival in 2015, the singer joked he was “still a prick” as he played a hits-filled 75-minute show at the 500-capacity Hippodrome in Kingston-upon-Thames. The show launched T’s new album ‘Trick’, released last week, which is battling to be No 1 with country duo Ward Thomas. Six songs from ‘Trick’ were played, and the show started with its lead-off single ‘Tinfoil Boy’. JamieT X Ktown #jamiet A video posted by D E R S (@ders_one) on Sep 8, 2016 at 4:18pm PDT As he arrived on stage shortly after 10:30pm, T said: “I can guarantee there’s no place in the world I’d rather be than here. How about you?” to raucous cheers from the energetic crowd. Before his early song ‘Pacemaker’, T said: “It’s a beautiful time for us. Thank you for having a soul, thank you for supporting us, fuck the c***ts.” He revealed about the song from his debut album ‘Panic Prevention’: “I always fuck up the lyrics to this one”, joking after playing a word-perfect version: “A round of applause for me, please, that’s the first time I’ve got the lyrics right in five years.” Announcing that he wanted to “calm things down” by playing mellower recent single ‘Power Over Men’, the gig became raucous again immediately afterwards as fans crowdsurfed throughout ‘Rabbit Hole’ and ‘Sheila’, which saw T throwing his bottle of water over the crowd to cool them down. Before his early single ‘If You Got The Money’, T recalled growing up near the Hippodrome in Wimbledon. He said: “This one is for all the people who knew me back then, going ‘I knew him when he was 10, he was a little prick.’ Well, I’m 30 now and I’m still a prick, so fuck you.” The 15-song show ended with ‘Zombie’, with T interrupting its intro to herald the Hippodrome’s weekly live New Slang night, which he previously played in 2015. He said: “It’s always beautiful to play here, thank you for coming” before ending the show. The New Slang night is organised by local record shop Banquet Records, whose owner Jon Tolley won the Indie Champion prize at AIM Awards on Tuesday. Other acts to play New Slang this year include Blink 182, Biffy Clyro, Catfish and the Bottlemen and Blossoms, with gigs announced this week by Bastille and Slaves at the club. T starts his tour for ‘Trick’ on September 27 at Dublin Olympia, ending on October 22 at Cambridge Corn Exchange. Jamie T played: ‘Tinfoil Boy’ ‘Operation’ ‘Solomon Eagle’ ‘Drone Strike’ ‘Pacemaker’ ‘Power Over Men’ ‘Rabbit Hole’ ‘The Prophet’ ‘Sheila’ ‘British Intelligence’ ‘If You Got The Money’ ‘Sign Of The Times’ ‘Tescoland’ ‘Sticks ‘N’ Stones’ ‘Zombie’ 