Home / News / News Article Justin Timberlake responds to Kanye West's claims that he cried about not winning a Grammy West made the remarks during his acceptance speech at the MTV VMAs last night
Luke Morgan Britton, 31st August 2015 Related Articles Justin Timberlake being sued by Cirque de Soleil for alleged unauthorised sample Justin Timberlake in the studio with Pharrell Williams Watch Justin Timberlake cover Bell Biv DeVoe’s ‘Poison’ Justin Timberlake has responded to comments made by Kanye West during the rapper's acceptance speech at the MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday night (August 30), which saw West claim that Timberlake cried after not winning a Grammy Award in 2007. Timberlake lost out on the Album Of The Year award to Dixie Chicks that year, with West saying of the incident last night, "I sat at the Grammys and saw Justin Timberlake and Cee Lo lose; Gnarls Barkley and the FutureSex/LoveSounds album. I ain't trying to put you on blast, but I saw that man in tears. He deserved to win Album of the Year." Responding to the remark via Twitter, Timberlake appeared to shrug off the claim. He wrote, "Kanye is so cute, y'all." Getty The singer later added, "Jokes, you guys... Jokes. #chill... Btw... I JUST watched my man 'Ye's FULL speech... He always has a point. And I support it. #truth" Kanye is so cute, y'all.— Justin Timberlake (@jtimberlake) August 31, 2015 Jokes, you guys... Jokes. #chill— Justin Timberlake (@jtimberlake) August 31, 2015 Btw... I JUST watched my man 'Ye's FULL speech... He always has a point. And I support it. #truth— Justin Timberlake (@jtimberlake) August 31, 2015 During his 13 minute-long acceptance speech, West discussed his bewilderment with award shows: "I still don't understand award shows. I don't understand how they get five people who work their entire life, won, sell records, sell concert tickets, to come, stand on a carpet and for the first time in their life, be judged on the chopping block and have the opportunity to be considered a loser." He continued: "I don't know what I finna lose after this. It don't matter, though; It's not about me. It's about ideas. New ideas. People with ideas. People who believe in truth. And yes, as you probably could've guessed by this moment, I have decided in 2020 to run for president." Watch footage of West's full speech below. Does he have your vote America? @kanyewest accepts the Video Vanguard award http://t.co/pyg3SBh8gq— MTV (@MTV) August 31, 2015