Kasabian tease their return with new song ‘Comeback Kid’
Kasabian are set to return with a new song entitled ‘Comeback Kid’. The song is listed as featuring on the soundtrack of FIFA 17, the latest instalment of the EA Sports game. And Kasabian have also posted what looks to be sample lyrics of the song on Instagram. A handwritten note from Serge Pizzorno has the title ‘Comeback Kid’ and the lines: “Kingpin on a cutback with sunken eyes/Sasquatch in a bin bag, it’s no surprise”. However, NME understands that ‘Comeback Kid’ isn’t an official Kasabian single and is unlikely to be included on the new album. #ComeBackKid A photo posted by Kasabian (@kasabianofficial) on Sep 9, 2016 at 2:52am PDT The soundtrack for FIFA 17 also lists ‘New song’ by Beck. It isn’t yet clear which song this will be, though Beck’s as-yet-untitled new album is out on October 21. He’s previously released ‘Dreams’ and ‘Wow’ from the album. Pizzorno has resumed his role as producer for Kasabian’s first album since 2014’s ’48:13’. Kasabian played new song ‘Put Your Life On It’ when they headlined Leicester City’s King Power Stadium in May to celebrate the club’s Premier League title win. Other new song titles Pizzorno has revealed for the album are ‘You’re In Love With A Psycho’, ‘24/7’, ‘All Through The Night’ and ‘Good Fight’. Other songs on the FIFA 17 soundtrack include Bastille, Two Door Cinema Club, Empire Of The Sun and Jack Garratt. The game is released on September 29. The soundtrack for FIFA 17 is: Balkan Beat Box – ‘I Trusted You’ Barns Courtney – ‘Hobo Rocket’ Bastille – ‘Send Them Off!’ Bayonne – ‘Appeals’ Beaty Heart – ‘Slide To The Side’ Beck – untitled new song Bishop Briggs – ‘Be Your Love’ Bob Moses – ‘Tearing Me Up (RAC Mix)’ Capital Cities – ‘Vowels’ Catfish And The Bottlemen – ‘Postpone’ Ceci Bastida Featuring Aloe Blacc – ‘Un Sueno’ Compass – ‘Explotar’ Declan McKenna – ‘Isombard’ Digitalism – ‘Shangri La’ DMAs – ‘Play It Out’ Empire Of The Sun – ‘High And Low’ Formation – ‘Pleasure’ Glass Animals – ‘Youth’ Grouplove – ‘Don’t Stop Making It Happen’ Huntar – ‘Anyway’ Jack Garratt – ‘Surprise Yourself’ Jagwar Ma – ‘OB1’ Kamau Feautring No Wyld – ‘Jusfayu’ Kygo Featuring Kodaline – ‘Raging’ Lemaitre Featuring The Knocks – ‘We Got U’ Lewis Del Mar – ‘Painting (Masterpiece)’ Lola Coca – ‘Love Songs’ Loyal – ‘Moving As One’ Lucius – ‘Almighty Gosh’ NGOD – ‘Blue’ Oliver Featuring Scott Mellis – ‘Electricity’ Paper Route– ‘Chariots’ Paul Kalkbrenner – ‘Let Me Hear You Scream’ (Exclusive song) Phantogram – ‘Same Ol’ Blues’ Porter Robinson & Madeon – ‘Shelter’ Rat Boy – ‘Get Over It’ Rocco Hunt – ‘Sto Bene Cosi’ Safia – ‘Bye Bye’ Saint Motel – ‘Move’ Skott – ‘Porcelain’ Society – ‘Protocol’ Sofi Tukker – ‘Jonny’ Souls – ‘Satisfied’ Spring King – ‘Who Are You?’ St Featuring Maria Kot – ‘Vera I Nadezhda’ Systema Solar – ‘Rumbera’ Tourist – ‘Run’ Two Door Cinema Club – ‘Are We Ready (Wreck)’ Zedd & Grey – ‘Adrenaline’ (Exclusive song) Zhu – ‘Money’ 