Hacker posts ‘satanic’ images on Cheryl’s Instagram
Cheryl – aka Cheryl Tweedy, formerly known as Cheryl Cole and Cheryl Fernandez-Versini – appears to have been hacked, with the hacker posting so-called “satanic” images on the singer’s Instagram page. The former Girls Aloud star, who is thought to be dating ex-One Direction singer Liam Payne, has been the subject of pregnancy rumours in recent weeks. She is also expected to release her fifth solo album later this year. Earlier today (Monday, October 24), Cheryl’s Instagram account appeared to be taken over by a hacker, who proceeded to post images of upside crosses and a pentagram, along with the captions: “666 fuck Liam Payne” and “HAIL SATAN 666 BITCH THATS WHAT WE DO.” The images have now been deleted but can be seen in the screengrabs below. The star has not yet commented on the apparent hack. CHERYL COLE HAS BEEN HACKED IM SCREAMING pic.twitter.com/c3xQoeixgL — tom (@drunkenbutera) October 24, 2016 Meanwhile, Cheryl could be set to collaborate on a new track with Craig David. David told Digital Spy that he had already sent her a new track that he had been working on. “I went into the studio with White N3rd – who produced [my latest single] ‘One More Time’ – and we actually wrote two songs,” he said. “But one in particular I think leant more for Cheryl.” He continued: “It’s just a very simple pop melody over a garage tune that has the right drops in the right places without being too light.” David said he wasn’t sure if she would what her plans for the track were, but he had “sent it over to her, so I guess when she knows what kind of direction she wants to go in for the record, she may decide to cut it. If not, then it was a really good song that we wrote anyway.” He also said he “would love to see Cheryl on a garage record, just because people won’t expect it. Also, if it’s done correctly – and I know how the track was sounding as a demo – it would bang in a club. People would be like, ‘Oh man – that’s cool for Cheryl’.” 