Kings Of Leon top UK and US album charts with ‘WALLS’
Kings Of Leon have reached number one in the UK and US with their new album, ‘WALLS’. The US band released the record last week, their seventh studio LP to date. The album title is an acronym for ‘We Are Like Love Songs’. ‘WALLS’ is Kings Of Leon’s first US number one album, shifting 77,000 copies in its first week. It is also the group’s fifth consecutive UK chart-topper, selling 50,000 copies last week. The band recently announced details of a UK arena tour for February 2017. They will play five huge dates next year – calling at Leeds, Birmingham, Newcastle, Liverpool and Glasgow. Scroll below to see the dates in full. READ MORE: NME‘s exclusive comeback interview with Kings Of Leon When asked by NME recently if the band had “lost their edge”, frontman Caleb Followill replied: “If there was a movie made of our lives, in the last few years we had a lot of edge. Those are the moments in the movie that you’d wanna watch!” “What we were doing early on was storybook, classic, what a band should be; the drugs and the booze and the girls. Now we consider what we’re doing a little more and if that’s losing your edge… maybe, I dunno. When you look at the bands that still had their edge, most of them, their music is shit so it doesn’t fucking matter about the edge.” Kings Of Leon play the following UK dates next year: Leeds First Direct Arena (February 19, 2017) Birmingham Genting Arena (February 20) Newcastle Upon Tyne Metro Radio Arena (February 24) Liverpool Echo Arena (February 25) Glasgow SSE Hydro (February 27) Meanwhile, Kings Of Leon have thrown their hat into the ring among the potential headliners for next year’s Glastonbury Festival. While last week saw ‘well sourced information’ point towards Daft Punk, Radiohead and Stone Roses being the headliners, now the ‘Sex On Fire’ rockers have teased that they may also be looking to make an appearance. King Of Leon last headlined back in 2008, but now drummer Nathan Followill has teased to the BBC that they’re ready to return. “We love Glastonbury,” he said. “I think that was the first festival we ever played in Europe. Do they still do it where it’s on one year, off one year to let the grass grow?” When told that 2018 would be a fallow year where Glasto takes a break, he replied: “OK, then we’ll have to get on it in 2017. I’ll have to text Mr Eavis.” READ MORE: Glastonbury 2016 – who could headline? 