Ryan Adams responds to calls to cover albums by Oasis and The Strokes
Ryan Adams has responded to fans’ calls for him to release cover albums by The Strokes and Oasis – telling followers that he’s “not gonna cover an album again”. Adams released his critically-acclaimed covers album of Taylor Swift’s ‘1989’ last year, honouring her songwriting by comparing her to William Shakespeare and The Smiths. He later came under fire from Father John Misty for the record, who covered ‘Welcome To New York’ and ‘Blank Space’ in the style of The Velvet Underground. The ‘Gold’ and former Whiskeytown star has also been a very vocal fan of Oasis throughout the years, having toured with the Gallaghers and also releasing a celebrating cover of ‘Wonderwall’. He recently covered ‘Supersonic’ and ‘Morning Glory’ while supporting Noel Gallagher. As a result, one fan took to Twitter to ask Adams if he’d ever consider covering ‘Be Here Now’ – before he replied that he wouldn’t be covering albums again in future. The fan asked: Hey @TheRyanAdams, if you ever tackle another album re-imagining, can I suggest Be Here Now by @oasis given these old comments of yours? pic.twitter.com/McvOqhPuD7 — Mark Ortega (@MarkEOrtega) October 24, 2016 Adams then replied: Thanks but not gonna cover an album again 1000 jabs later what we made for fun has been made to be somethin else Learning to share less https://t.co/k8BmeaYSaH — Ryan Adams (@TheRyanAdams) October 24, 2016 In 2002, Adams also recorded a cover of The Strokes’ seminal debut ‘Is This It’ – which he also says will never see the light of day: @theryanadams But that Strokes album can see the light of day…. right? — Daniel Jones (@notjustanotherj) October 24, 2016 No. It will never be released. It wasn't ever meant to be. 16 yrs ago I made it on a 4 track for a laugh. It was thrown out by accident https://t.co/ge0PLvR1h9 — Ryan Adams (@TheRyanAdams) October 25, 2016 Adams recently released an expanded reissue of his solo debut ‘Heartbreaker’, and is said to be releasing his new album before the year’s end – inspired by ELO, AC/DC and 80s Bruce Springsteen. 