Watch Lady Gaga buying her new album ‘Joanne’
Lady Gaga has been spotted buying her new album ‘Joanne’ in a supermarket in the US. Fans have been posting clips of the singer picking up three copies of her LP, which was released last Friday (October 21), at a Walmart self-service check out. You can view the clip below. The singer also bought a DVD of the last series of American Horror Story which she stars in. A day earlier, Gaga went into a random store and personally signed 62 copies of the deluxe edition for fans to discover on the shelves. BUYING #JOANNE AT WALMART. pic.twitter.com/CqzQk0w32E — ️ (@gagaxsnaps) October 24, 2016   Best Buy on 62nd and Broadway has personally signed deluxe copies of #Joanne! pic.twitter.com/SBJ5EfZtLE — ️ (@gagaxsnaps) October 23, 2016 Earlier, Gaga was revealed as the latest star to appear in James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’. Watch them sharing a ride and singing ‘Bad Romance’ below. “Thank you for helping me get to work,” says Corden, before Gaga yells out the window for fellow traffic to move, and they come together to sing “move, bitch – get out the way.” As well as singing ‘Bad Romance’, they recreate the phone call in which Gaga was asked to perform at this year’s Super Bowl half-time show, with the imaginary ‘Dave from the NFL’. Read more: Lady Gaga – the full NME interview The full clip will be shown on The Late Late Show tonight (Tuesday 25 October). #CarpoolKaraoke with @LadyGaga drops tomorrow night! pic.twitter.com/9u7FgeaS3y — The Late Late Show (@latelateshow) October 25, 2016 This weekend saw Gaga play two songs from her new album ‘Joanne’ on SNL – airing performances of ‘A-Yo’ and latest single, ‘Million Reasons’. Read more: Lady Gaga’s ‘Joanne’ – the NME verdict and review Gaga recently spoke to NME about David Bowie’s son Duncan Jones’ criticism of her controversial tribute to The Thin White Duke at this year’s GRAMMYs. “I’m sure that was difficult to watch and of course, I called many people on David’s team before I even begun doing that project and it’s unfortunate, what can I say? But God bless of him, you know?” 