Bring Me The Horizon reveal hopes for ‘weirder, darker’ new album
Bring Me The Horizon have opened up about what to potentially expect from their upcoming sixth album, revealing that it could be ‘dancier’ and ‘darker’ – namechecking Linkin Park and Massive Attack as influences. The ‘Throne’ and ‘Drown’ stars are currently gearing up for a huge UK arena tour to mark the end of their campaign for ‘That’s The Spirit’, before they release ‘Live At The Royal Albert Hall’ on CD, DVD and vinyl. The tour kicks off with a show at The O2 in London with Enter Shikari on Halloween. Before they end the chapter on their fifth album, we caught up with frontman Oli Sykes to ask about progress on their next record. “Sometimes we talk about it, but it’s ‘in the moment’ when you’re inspired by something and I don’t know,” Sykes told NME. “I think there’s an element of what we’re doing now that will stay in the music, but at the same time it’s like people thought ‘That’s The Spirit’ was a very polished pop rock album – it’s not. I think it’s inventive and unique, but it’s still safe in a way; we knew the songs we’re gonna connect well with people. Next time I think we wanna push it a bit weirder. Who knows?” Read more: private jets and chaos – the full NME interview with Bring Me The Horizon When asked if their new material might take a more dance-oriented edge, Sykes replied: “Potentially yeah. “That’s my favourite part – it’s something we do that comes across really well live you know when the song to us has a breakdown or like a heavy dance kind of vibe to it. You know there’s not many acts like that. If there was some bridge between what we’re doing, somewhere between artists like Prodigy or Massive Attack and stuff like that.” He continued: “I don’t know especially if we’re thinking like festivals and stuff then I like that idea like a darker dance-y kind of sound, but I’m literally just I’m thinking out loud here ’cause we could go completely opposite to that you know.” When asked when they could be likely to start work on their next album, Sykes said that we’ll have to wait until all of their touring commitments have finished. “We do an album, then tour the shit out of it and then worry about new music,” Sykes told NME. “It’s been an intense year for us, and not just in professional terms but like personal too. Some of the band have had a lot on their plates and stuff. We do enjoy writing organically and letting something happen, but we’ve been working pretty relentlessly like the last album. “We need to maybe like take a break, Jordan’s got a kid now, people have got families and stuff, we need to take a bit of time to like chill out and then really get hungry to write again. It’s gonna be a tough one because we never want to write the same album again. I don’t even know what it’s gonna sound like but it’s gonna sound different. Sykes added: “I think we need a good break from music and Bring Me the Horizon for at least a good month before we get our teeth stuck into it again.” Bring Me The Horizon release ‘Live At The Royal Albert Hall’ on 2 December. Their full upcoming UK tour dates are below. Mon October 31 2016 – LONDON O2 Arena Tue November 01 2016 – BOURNEMOUTH BIC Wed November 02 2016 – NOTTINGHAM Motorpoint Arena Nottingham Fri November 04 2016 – BIRMINGHAM Barclaycard Arena Sat November 05 2016 – LONDON O2 Arena Sun November 06 2016 – SHEFFIELD Arena Tue November 08 2016 – MANCHESTER Arena Wed November 09 2016 – GLASGOW SSE Hydro Sun February 05 2017 – MELBOURNE Margaret Court Arena Mon February 06 2017 – MELBOURNE Margaret Court Arena Wed February 08 2017 – ADELAIDE AEC Theatre 