Phil Collins discusses touring with Genesis again
Phil Collins has spoken about the possibility of touring with Genesis again. The singer-drummer last reunited with Tony Banks and Mike Rutherford for 2007’s Turn It On Again: The Tour. He then announced his retirement from music in 2011. However, Collins has recently announced a series of comeback solo shows in London, Cologne and Paris. “I would like to play some shows in South America,” he told Rolling Stone when asked about extending the tour. “If we do that, I’m sure we do some shows in the States too.” Asked about live shows as part of Genesis, Collins replied: “We’re still great pals. Tony, Mike and I went out on my birthday in London. Anything can happen, really. I just don’t want to suddenly take the break off and start flying off and doing things. I just want to do things carefully and think about the consequences.” Collins even suggested he would be open to touring with a Genesis lineup that includes Peter Gabriel, whom he replaced as the band’s frontman in the mid-’70s. “If I was an able drummer I’d gladly get behind the kit and drum for Pete,” Collins said. “But the fans need to know what they’d get. I told that to a German journalist once and he said, ‘It would be fun to see Peter sing ‘I Can’t Dance’ and to see me sing ‘Supper’s Ready.’ I was thinking, ‘I can’t argue with this…'” READ MORE: Let’s All Hug Phil Collins – Why We Should Welcome Back The Blue-Eyed Soul Man Speaking at last week’s press conference announcing his comeback tour, Collins discussed the mysterious affliction which has stopped him from playing drums. “I’ll never play the way I used to,” he said. “Something happened on the Genesis reunion tour. At the end of each show, I had a drumming duel with Chester Thompson, and one night something happened. It just went. I tried everything – bigger drumsticks and so on, but it just never came back. ” He added: “It’s a mystery what happened, I just couldn’t get it back. But I’m 65 and I played drums since I was five. I’d like to have the choice about being able to play, but I’m not going to cry myself to sleep about it.” Collins also explained that his son Nicholas will be taking over drum duties on the upcoming tour. “He’s learned from watching John Bonham, Chad Smith and me, so he’s got some balls when he plays,” Collins said. “He takes notes very well. It can obviously be awkward when it’s family, they might not take criticism, but Nick is great at taking advice.” “We’ve played three short charity shows in Europe together, seven-song things, and the band have been very impressed with him,” Collins added. Phil Collins’ upcoming ‘Not Dead Yet’ tour dates are below. Tickets went on sale last Friday (October 21) and sold out in seconds. London, Royal Albert Hall (June 4, 5, 7, 8, 9) Cologne, Lanxess Arena (11, 12) Paris, Accors Hotel Arena (18, 19) 