Prince’s Paisley Park is finally approved to open as a museum
Prince‘s Paisley Park studio and home has received final approval to permanently operate as a museum. The Chanhassen City Council signed off on a request yesterday (October 24) after months of deliberation over traffic, pedestrian safety and parking. Earlier this month, the City Council tabled the request three days before the museum’s planned opening, saying they needed more time to study its potential impact on Chanhassen, with Paisley Park expected to attract 600,000 visitors a year. After receiving complaints from traveling fans, the Council granted temporary permits that allowed the museum to open for tours on select days, the Star Tribune reports. “I’m happy for the council, I’m happy for the community, I’m happy for the operator,” said Mayor Denny Laufenburger. “[It’s a] big benefit for the community.” Getty The museum has already welcomed about 12,000 people and there have been no reported complaints, according to Joel Weinshanker, the managing partner of Graceland Holdings, which is overseeing Paisley Park. It will be open for tours Thursday through Sunday starting this week. Tickets are priced at $38.50 for a standard tour and $100 for a VIP tour. But fans are no longer allowed to leave Prince mementos next to the front fence in an aim to reduce “foot traffic”. Earlier this month, members of Prince’s family exclusively invited NBC News’ Today programme for a first look around Paisley Park. Presenter Al Roker was permitted access to Prince’s recording studios, where handwritten notes by the musician had been left untouched since his passing, the ‘Purple Rain Room’ (containing memorabilia from the film and album of the same name) and the ‘NPG Music Club’, where Prince entertained friends and guests. The late artist, who died back in April, always intended for the compound – where he lived and recorded after its construction in 1988 – to be transformed into a museum once he passed away, leaving behind guidelines on such aspects as how he wanted visitors to walk through Paisley Park during the tour. 