Dead Or Alive singer Pete Burns has died, aged 57
Dead Or Alive singer Pete Burns has passed away at the age of 57. He died yesterday (October 23) of a “massive cardiac arrest”, his family and manager said in a statement shared on Twitter. The statement says: “It is with the greatest sadness that we have to break the tragic news that our beloved Pete Burns (of Dead or Alive), died suddenly yesterday of a massive cardiac arrest. All of his family and friends are devastated by the loss of our special star.” “He was a true visionary, a beautiful talented soul, and he will be missed by all who loved and appreciated everything he was and all of the wonderful memories the has left is with.” “We have no more words, we will make a further statement when we have had a chance to come to terms with our devastating loss. He will live forever in our memories. Sending you all our love. Lynne, Michael, Steve.(sic)” Hi guys, it's Kyle here. Was asked to send out this tweet on behalf of Steve, Lynn & Michael. #rippeteburns #sadtimes #icon SO SAD!!! pic.twitter.com/rOkAVHsZQg — Pete Burns (@PeteBurnsICON) October 24, 2016 Burns rose to fame as the frontman of ’80s pop band Dead Or Alive, who notched up Top 20 hits with ‘Lover Come Back To Me’, ‘In Too Deep’ and ‘Something In My House’. However, their best-known song by far was ‘You Spin Me Round (Like A Record)’, which made Number One in March 1985 after a 17-week climb to the top of the charts. It was the first Number One single produced by the Stock Aitken Waterman “hit factory” who would go on to dominate British pop later in the decade. It became a Top Five hit again in 2006 after Burns appeared on Celebrity Big Brother, where he finished fifth. READ MORE: Fans and friends pay tribute to late Dead Or Alive singer Pete Burns Celebrity Big Brother gave Burns, who was known for his sharp tongue, flamboyant dress sense and love of cosmetic surgery, a second career as a popular and often caustic TV personality. He is survived by his civil partner, Michael Simpson, and by his ex-wife, Lynne Corlett, with whom he remained on close terms. 