Bring Me The Horizon: ‘We should be headlining Reading & Leeds’
Bring Me The Horizon have expanded on their ambitions to headline festivals in the future, revealing that they deserve to top the bill and Reading & Leeds. The band pulled a huge crowd when they played just before Metallica at Reading & Leeds in 2015, sparking a discussion about when they might be likely to take the next step and close the main stage themselves. Now, frontman Oli Sykes has told NME that he does see it in the band’s future – but not quite yet. “I mean obviously that would be incredible,” Sykes told NME. “I think we’d need some time away from the world. You can come and see us in November and December – if I was a Reading or Leeds ticket holder I’d want to  not be able to see them live for like a good year and have them come back with a new album. “I think you’ve still got a bit more to prove to get to that point in life, in my opinion. If we did it I’d want to headline it. I wouldn’t want to co-headline it or share it with someone else. I’d want to say we’re accomplished headliners. We should  be headlining, and I think that’s going to take one more album personally to prove that.” Read more: Chaos and private jets – the full Bring Me The Horizon NME interview When asked if they’re more likely to headline a metal festival like Download first, Sykes replied: “Reading and Leeds is where we feel like it reflects what we do the most, because it is a festival full of different artists and different music. As awesome as Download festival is and to headline it would be an accomplishment. I don’t know; Reading and Leeds would be the one as a band we’d all love to do if we had the opportunity.” Sykes also told NME about their plans for a ‘weirder and darker’ new album inspired by Prodigy and Massive Attack. Bring Me The Horizon release ‘Live At The Royal Albert Hall’ on 2 December. Their full upcoming UK tour dates are below. Mon October 31 2016 – LONDON O2 Arena Tue November 01 2016 – BOURNEMOUTH BIC Wed November 02 2016 – NOTTINGHAM Motorpoint Arena Nottingham Fri November 04 2016 – BIRMINGHAM Barclaycard Arena Sat November 05 2016 – LONDON O2 Arena Sun November 06 2016 – SHEFFIELD Arena Tue November 08 2016 – MANCHESTER Arena Wed November 09 2016 – GLASGOW SSE Hydro Sun February 05 2017 – MELBOURNE Margaret Court Arena Mon February 06 2017 – MELBOURNE Margaret Court Arena Wed February 08 2017 – ADELAIDE AEC Theatre   