Pussy Riot share video for new song ‘Straight Outta Vagina’
Pussy Riot have shared the video for new song ‘Straight Outta Vagina’, which was co-written by TV on the Radio‘s Dave Sitek and Leikeli47. The video is directed by Phillip R Lopez, who has previously worked with Orange is the New Black actress Ruby Rose. Sharing the video on Twitter, the band wrote “we’re glad and proud to show our vagina to the world,” before adding, “going to celebrate the premiere by rubbing our clits all day”. You can watch the video for ‘Straight Outta Vagina’ below. we're glad and proud to show our vagina to the world going to celebrate the premiere by rubbing our clits all dayhttps://t.co/Ugg4n6PR1c — Pussy Riot (@pussyrrriot) October 25, 2016 sending big love to amazing @DaveSitek who is the strongest vaginas' supporter. thank you so much for empowering us, Dave. vaginas. — Pussy Riot (@pussyrrriot) October 25, 2016 The band also praised Dave Sitek’s work on the track, writing on twitter; “sending big love to amazing @DaveSitek who is the strongest vaginas’ supporter. thank you so much for empowering us, Dave. vaginas.” They have previously worked with Sitek on their song ‘Chaika’. A blurb for the video on YouTube explains the track and video further. You can read it below: “Female power and female sexuality are yet need to be discovered. Discussed. Performed. Lived up. Women were slaves of the world for centuries. Women’s got their right to vote less than 100 years ago. Russia (1917), US (1919), Switzerland (1971). We’re still just about to build another roles, norms, ethics for vaginas owners. And the owner of vaginas is not some narcissistic stupid orange ape who’d claim that he could easily grab women by their pussies. The owner of vagina is a woman. Who wears her vag as a badge of honour. Pussy is a new dick, ladies. Oh bondage, up yours.” Pussy Riot’s ‘Straight Outta Vagina’ is the latest release in Adult Swim’s Single Series. Yesterday, the series released Run the Jewels’ ‘Talk To Me’.   