Watch teaser trailer for Bjork’s virtual reality film ‘Family’
Björk has unveiled a teaser trailer for her forthcoming interactive virtual reality film Family. The clip, which you can watch below, was premiered as part of her Björk Digital exhibition which has just opened in Montreal. The film directed by LA filmmaker Andrew Thomas Huang, who also made her ‘Black Lake’ and ‘Stonemilker’ videos, said: “The story of the piece is about a woman who journeyed to see the Icelandic landscape to sew herself back together through, out of heartbreak, towards transcendence and empowerment. “All the landscapes that you see in the piece are actual landscape scans of the sets that we shot in ‘Black Lake’. They‘re meaningful scans, they‘re not just any Icelandic environments.” The singer recently opened her new exhibition in London, by appearing as an avatar at a press conference at Somerset House. The virtual exhibition, which went on display at the London arts and cultural centre, ran until last Sunday (October 23). Described as “an immersive virtual reality exhibition”, among the exhibits were collaborations between the Icelandic musician and some of “the finest visual artists and programmers”, such as Huang. Björk opted to appear as an avatar from her Icelandic homeland at the opening of the exhibition, which was made possible via the means of live-stream motion capture. The musician explained how technology is helping women work outside of “the already formed hierarchical system,” before then revealing the impact that technology has had on own her music career. “The laptop arriving 1999 gave me a personal studio to make ‘Vespertine’ [her 2001 album], the touchscreen [in] 2006 helped me map my own idiosyncratic musicology outside the classical canon and reconnect it with nature and make [2011’s] ‘Biophilia’, VR is helping making a new stage free of politics where sound and vision is swirling free in 360 fully liberated.” The current Montreal exhibition will run until November 12. 