Taylor Swift talks feeling ‘frantic, distressed, violated’ by alleged groping incident
Taylor Swift has provided a deposition in her on-going legal battle with a radio DJ who she has accused of groping her backstage at a concert in 2013. David Mueller has been accused of lifting up Swift’s skirt at a Colorado meet-and-greet in June 2013, an allegation that saw him lose his job as a DJ at the Denver country music radio station 98.5 KYGO. Mueller initially sued Swift for what he described as her “false” allegations, a move that was soon met by a counter-suit from Swift in October 2015. Billboard has now published a transcript of Swift’s videotaped deposition in the case, in which she describes her account of the alleged incident. “Right as the moment came for us to pose for the photo, he took his hand and put it up my dress and grabbed onto my ass cheek and no matter how much I scooted over it was still there,” she claims. “It was completely intentional, I’ve never been so sure of anything in my life.” Swift also recalls her feelings during the alleged assault: “I remember being frantic, distressed, feeling violated in a way I had never experienced before. A meet-and-greet is supposed to be a situation where you’re thanking people for coming, you’re supposed to be welcoming people into your home, which is the arena for that day, and for someone to violate that hospitality in that way, I was completely stunned.” A judge has additionally ruled to stop a photo from the meet-and-greet from being made public. Swift’s lawyers argued that the photo would be “shared for scandalous and prurient interests” if released. Mueller denied allegations of groping, saying that his hand “appropriately touched Ms Swift’s hand” and that he “denies any inappropriate touching” during the meet-and-greet. He also claims that his is a case of mistaken identity, alleging that Swift’s body guard had mistakenly identified him for a colleague who bragged about “putting his arms around Swift and grabbing her buttocks” when they were taking a photo – an allegation that Swift denies. 