Jay Z ‘misses the old Kanye’, says Roc-A-Fella co-founder
An associate of Jay Z has described the rapper’s reaction to recent criticism directed at him by Kanye West. Jay Z and West have long been friends, with the former rapper instrumental in Kanye’s early career. They collaborated on 2011’s ‘Watch The Throne’ album before embarking on a world tour together, which visited the UK in 2012. Kanye appeared to call out his former mentor at a live show last week, saying that there will never be a ‘Watch The Throne’ follow-up and slamming Jay Z for his allegedly cold response to wife Kim Kardashian’s robbery. Now the co-founder of Jay Z’s Roc-A-Fella Records, Karreem ‘Biggs’ Burke  has told Page Six that he was surprised by West’s comments. “I was shocked to hear what Kanye said onstage. There was never anything rumbling,” he said. “When you hear these things in public, it’s a little shocking.” Biggs added: “The last I saw [West], he spoke really highly of Jay. I’m not sure about the relationship at this point. I spoke to Jay [after Kanye’s rant] and we’re both just like, ‘We miss the old Kanye.'” “From what I know of Kanye, he’s usually really honest. So it sounds like something he’s going through right now. He may [say] something like that, and then three weeks later he may be back to, ‘That’s my brother.’ But at this point, with everybody’s career, we’re a little too old for rap beef.” The “miss the old Kanye” comment refers to West’s ‘The Life Of Pablo’ track of the same name. Last week, Kanye appeared to hit out at Jay Z for his reaction after Kardashian’s robbery, telling a Seattle crowd: “Don’t call me, after the robbery, and say ‘how you feelin?’ You wanna know how I’m feelin? Come by the house. Bring the kids by the house. Like we’re brothers. Let’s sit down.” “I can’t take this shit bro. Our kids have never even played together.” Meanwhile, a source has told <a href=”http://pagesix.com/2016/10/20/jay-z-cant-stand-nut-job-kanye-west/” target=”_blank”>Page Six</a> that Jay Z can only tolerate Kanye West ‘in small doses’. “Jay can’t stand him,” they said. “He looks at him as this crazy, eccentric motherfucker he can tolerate in small doses.” Speaking of their ‘Watch The Throne’ collaboration and tour, they revealed “there was so much money to be made. Jay was like, ‘I’m gonna knock this out. We’re going to do a tour to bring in millions of dollars. I can tolerate that.’ “The reality is that Jay doesn’t want that much to do with him. He likes his own space and is private. They’re very much not the same person. Jay’s immediate circle is very insular, and Kanye is just a guy who always wants something in the spotlight.” 